Replace "registry" with "local entry" (#988)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/examples/registry-examples/local-registry-entries.md

# Sequences and Endpoints as Local Entries

> This sample demonstrates how sequences and endpoints can be fetched from local entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how sequences and endpoints can be fetched from a local entry.
```
